okido got a few Thursday breaks here i'm
working with a secondary computer so the
videos might be going up a little slow
today but hopefully they're going up
nonetheless i had a worse day yesterday
ever i was relatively busy in the
computer crashes right in the middle of
while everything's going down it was the
worst it's crazy anyway chandra that's
not here not end of it played some
patches you're gonna try box 21 I
actually have a knockout MMA a couple of
helmets to it I got a news and we're
gonna get me started Chandra here we go
hey Stan patches you got cut is it that
same dude what's up Rosie yeah there Oh
number 236 and it's rosie brown hall of
fame 95 cut autograph Oh Rosie Brown end
of that three cases way up when I was
one of about the same if I got
another one of those dudes out of them
funny one of the fourth one um Darren
McFadden 499 Jason Witten 499 Carson
Palmer to a hundred nutshell 299 and
here we go one two got four hits Jerry
Hughes autograph number 225 or not matt
cassel jersey number dat 299 alone the
unbowed patch of jonathan dwyer it's
numbered 8 of 15
on loan I'm going to patch auto a Marcus
easily and that's number 2 699 it's
pretty cool patch auto patch autocut
Jersey auto 225 but there you have a ton
i appreciate I'll put these in the back
we ship these overseas so just let me
know and later on what you want to do
aren't you see ya